gh-88773: Added teleport method to Turtle library (#103974)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-04-28-18-04-23.gh-issue-88773.xXCNJw.rst

> Added :func:`turtle.teleport` to turtle library to move a turtle to a new point without tracing a line, visible or invisible.  Patch by Liam Gersten.

Reviewer: We can also add an automatic link to the turtle docs:

```suggestion
Added :func:`turtle.teleport` to the :mod:`turtle` module to move a turtle to a new point without tracing a line, visible or invisible.  Patch by Liam Gersten.
```

> Added :func:`turtle.teleport` to turtle library.
> Patch by Liam Gersten.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added :func:`turtle.teleport` to turtle library to move a turtle to a new point without tracing a line, visible or invisible.  Patch by Liam Gersten.
```
